c:\temp\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\Skin\blobcursor.xnb
c:\temp\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\Skin\Button.xnb
c:\temp\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\Skin\ButtonPressed.xnb
c:\temp\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\Skin\CheckBox.xnb
c:\temp\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\Skin\CheckBox_over.xnb
c:\temp\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\Skin\KeyboardAlt.xnb
c:\temp\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\Skin\KeyboardAlt_pressed.xnb
c:\temp\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\Skin\ProgressBarEmpty.xnb
c:\temp\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\Skin\ProgressBarFilled.xnb
c:\temp\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\Skin\RadioButtonChecked.xnb
c:\temp\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\Skin\RadioButtonUnchecked.xnb
c:\temp\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\Skin\SliderBackground.xnb
c:\temp\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\Skin\SliderLeft.xnb
c:\temp\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\Skin\SliderRight.xnb
c:\temp\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\Skin\SliderTab.xnb
c:\temp\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\Skin\TextAreaBackground.xnb
c:\temp\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\Skin\WhitePixel.xnb
c:\temp\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\Skin\Arial_Black.xnb
c:\temp\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\Skin\Skin.xml
c:\temp\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\ProgressBarSample.dll
c:\temp\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\ProgressBarSample.pdb
c:\temp\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\FarseerPhysics.WindowsPhone.dll
c:\temp\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Syderis.CellSDK.WindowsPhone.Common.dll
c:\temp\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Syderis.CellSDK.WindowsPhone.Core.dll
c:\temp\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Syderis.CellSDK.WindowsPhone.Launcher.dll
c:\temp\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Syderis.CellSDK.WindowsPhone.PhysicsControls.dll
c:\temp\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Syderis.CellSDK.WindowsPhone.IO.W7TouchSystem.dll
c:\temp\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\FarseerPhysics.WindowsPhone.xml
c:\temp\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Syderis.CellSDK.WindowsPhone.Common.xml
c:\temp\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Syderis.CellSDK.WindowsPhone.Core.xml
c:\temp\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Syderis.CellSDK.WindowsPhone.Launcher.xml
c:\temp\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Syderis.CellSDK.WindowsPhone.PhysicsControls.xml
c:\temp\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Syderis.CellSDK.WindowsPhone.IO.W7TouchSystem.xml
c:\temp\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\obj\Windows Phone\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\temp\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\obj\Windows Phone\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
c:\temp\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\obj\Windows Phone\Debug\ProgressBarSample.dll
c:\temp\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\obj\Windows Phone\Debug\ProgressBarSample.pdb
c:\temp\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\temp\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\obj\Windows Phone\Debug\WMAppManifest.xml.g
c:\temp\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\obj\Windows Phone\Debug\WMAppManifest.xml
bin\Windows Phone\Debug\
c:\temp\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\ProgressBarSample.xap
c:\temp\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\ProgressBarSample\obj\Windows Phone\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
